Like girls
Obedient and understanding like you
President Fù
I said, instead of coming here to make trouble
Why not deal with
The horns on your head
By then
Don’t happily claim the wrong kid
Speaking of which
How didn’t I notice before
You were so cunning
Qín Ruò Yǔ
Now I’m extremely glad
That my decision to ruin you back then
Was correct
What do you want to do?
A girl who’s too smart
Isn’t a good thing
Ruin her
I want to see
Who dares on my turf
Touch my person
With me here, don’t be afraid
[EE] Young Master Qín
I was just joking with President Qín
I remember seven days ago
You and Ruò Yǔ made a bet
Who’d secure
Cooperation with Dì Háo Group first
The loser
Has to leave Dōng Hǎi
And kowtow three times before the winner
You lost